[Music]
what's up and kids well but come on let's
say it now everyone here saw what you're doing you
look like anaut airplay we want you to
turn on the camera because it's not the same
eating an egg okay eating an egg
I'm not happy with anyone today
I bring you here all the internet garbage
well compacted dita that we lack nothing I
'm live every day
when we are on one channel it's on the other
edited video almost all of them for real and
you guys want the salsa singer to come out and
have the video and I have to
dress up in pajamas comb my hair put on my contact
lenses let's see man I'm really
lazy no seriously let's see the
edited videos the videos worked with
the camera the videos with newspaper archive with
click here click now what not to see
things that can be and that are worth
waiting for the next day to
have it edited and a more decent video and
they will continue to be as always but
when some salsa comes out and you're
powerless to comment and I want you to
have the video quickly then I rent it to
record it this way so we
can have it  pim pam pum and you guys
enjoy it then also support this
format the previous video doesn't work
badly at all by the way because this isn't
any change this doesn't take away from what I'm still
doing
and that I'm going to keep working the same
this is something else that I'm trying
so you can simply give me
advice to improve it but I ask that you
support it and give it a like and by the way
that you subscribe and if you are subscribed
check the subscription and well let's go
with the salsa because it seems that he
almost visits me actively with the nonsense and
with the nonsense it seems that not but we are
going to fit in a five-year period well let's see
with the nonsense we have been healthy for almost two
weeks he had noticed and
Javi to think a little but well
I have no problem with you
extending it as much as necessary I sincerely
think that he is the most powerful salsa singer of the
year and that we are still in the
first quarter but I seriously have my doubts
that I am going to come out with something that
can improve this this has been a
fantasy this has been complete
madness to put you in context it
turns out that the audience or rather
you guys bring a little interest and still
with  the issue of the crash and I
understand it as I'm saying the topic is
quite powerful and as almost all the
extreme have talked about the subject and we're not
only talking about streamer of
salt channels or controversies and so on
but they've talked about channels that
have nothing to do with controversies never
political channels
video game channels science channels I don't
know anymore this has been tremendous it has been almost
as alone as the other bullying because it
seems that some demand to be
getting to the point of even bothering him
having everyone asking
all the time in the chat, I mean
you're really heavy with the sofa dude
why don't you go to see with those
words you leave me alone how heavy how
heavy I throw really you are very
heavy without more I tell you with all the
love in the world I think it's in
streaming because you're going to suck us for a
while the little I don't know that is very heavy it
gets to me a little dude it
's that I try in a
normal conversation with the chat and the people as if he
discarded that you said that it hasn't
happened to him for two weeks the first day
the meme was funny  second such the
third such but I mean it's that
you're already getting this fat and I do
n't have it imagine if I had it you know
well first of all that she has that
little mouth that little mouth that we're going to have to
wash it with bleach let's see
what the editor has to be
putting the sound on now to censor
the swear words because obviously
I'm making this quick video so you can
have it but I want to charge for it and the
other day a lady literally got offended at me
in the comments box because she
thought I had farted
literally the lady thought I
was discretion another go complain about how long
the controversy is lasting my daughter it
shows live let it go let the
controversy last as long as it has to because you do
n't eat bread let it go it's not a
problem if it has to last
three months because it lasts three months
please moderators can you ban
the word chocas from the chat because
the locals here are a little annoying thank
you moderators don't raise your stern this is
the string of euros and here chocar
specifically matters to us  a public one so do
n't talk about it because it's that we
care about a friend who's
back I'm glad he's doing very well
but friends read the titles the titles
there's another one with a dirty mouth today let's see
is it normal that after loba sad and ximo
who was with play hitting the
newspapers or in the five to choca
people would like to know your opinion not of his
return itself no because it is known that
evidently he was going to return he is not going to
withdraw from the internet for that but more than
anything of what he had said of what he
had argued and those well of
those justifications that he made but it
seems that one well did not want to
talk more about the subject and honestly with
what choca has said today in his
live well more disappointed a little why am I
going to tell you no I don't know it
all depends because I also say
now what choca says I take it
with a grain of salt taking into account that
one day it is the collision and another day it is
that ATV and another day and eugenio but now
without further delay having put it in
context we move on to today and he has
spoken about this subject above all to
refer to  how is your relationship
with aurum plate and it all starts with this
sentence I usually write I was bothered by
euros' attitude swearing that thanks to
him you are what you are I am faithful they
passed him psuv again without events no no
he has not said that now what he said
is that if I have reached the record of his
in part it has been
thanks to the fact that we have lived the squid james and it is true now what happens is that he was angry because I put in I made a comment in which I somewhat discredit
his work when it is not my objective it
was not my objective does not discredit it is not my
objective it was military Miami well let's see
in part here it goes far there is to comment
in just a few seconds first
of all it is appreciated that he is more or less
honest and that his follower corrects himself
when saying that he still did not say that because in
reality now he did not say that now at
no time did he say that chocas had
everything he had thanks to euros what
the choca does not buy is the
argument that he did not have the
intention of discrediting euros but of
meditating be him and yes it is true  that the
clash seems to have come more
calmly although well this live
today has been titled looking at
million dollar apartments to get ideas for my
million dollar apartment
Valeria yes it is true that I still do
not have much confidence in him and the
truth is if we read the tweets
that both Auron and Ibai dedicated to him in
this one that you have on screen right now,
well what he comes to say is that
they approached him letting it be known that
they were the ones who had some kind
of interest because of course choca, the choca
apart and vice and kneel and then in
this other one well yes it is true
that it could be to meditate be himself
claiming that obviously there will be a play he
is very famous he is very famous and that
what choca does has more merit it is not more of a
revelation let's say we are an octopus
as a pet but you have to
also take into account this phrase no and he
says that they improved because it exempts fewer
hours with more force here he is no longer
talking about merit here he is talking about
who is better okay considering himself the
best not auro because he has more vigor in
less space of time everyone is there I
think he wanted  save the tweet
but it's not that salvageable I've
said this a million times here live he's
not military what he is the truth is there will
be a play he's the best literally
better if he had the Hispanic he even if he didn't do
anything a lot of people would see him you see
how things change when he
cashed in when I wrote pizza
we literally saw the day before how he
considers himself the best he is
meditating but considering himself the best
but nevertheless even from the role of the
crash there are better aurum play that's what I
wanted to say basically he also it
is mutual with him and without him but it's true
that part of the record that I had has
been thanks to his event an event
that I also got out of because not everyone
not everyone had 1.2 million
live let's see what he says about how not
everyone had the viewers that
he had in the squid game of course
obviously having chocolate explains
one thing I think I think it's not
that complicated without belittling of
course what he achieved it's because I
don't want to destroy either the
video that I made in which I am glad that there are
people who  get this and above
all with effort because this kid
works or he can seem like an [ __ ] everything
you want to know works you
're horned nobody
gives away what they have don't fool
me that one thing doesn't take away the other
but let's see by statistics the
squid game only had well if it was a
million and a half or two million
total viewers between all the
streams in the squid game it had 150
participants I think they were at the
beginning they were eliminated in the
final obviously the final I think was what
had the most viewers of the
six or seven days in the final there were
few players in fact there were
less and less left there were 4 left in the
semi-final and then in the last one well they
were killing three until
only choca remained with another one literally
who makes the second choca that's why if
all the viewers either went
with you or went with holly or with
aurum who was good is
retransmitting it a little but the one who
had the most was gold the majority of people went
with him choca because he was playing very
well and also because he finished second
not to take away his merit but it is
math also a little bit I was not an
attack what he sends him because I respect
my mother a lot the anger and so the comment and I
understand it carefully and I understand it and I
hit myself with an axe allow an axe blow do
not fear the sosa I never believe that I have
done it with bad intentions he said it in a plan it was a
blow an erotic touch of the king is
me and it is true I never I have never
wanted I have never wanted to say that I am
stronger than Europa Line and that I am
stronger than Ivan and that Rubios or how
serious they are the kings of tweets and I
respect them and I respect the ranks but the
top 1 was me I have been the top 1 and that's it
now I am not because that is impossible to
maintain it has been me and that's it he likes that he
likes it in part it has been thanks to
short play ball and in part thanks to
regular and in part it has been thanks to my
image and the work doing live shows and
in part it has been because of many things yes
indeed of course also
when he reaches the record when I was it is that is
how records are records to
be records need events I my
live record  it has been in the second
record of my luck the story is very
direct good time regarding this it is being
said yes that it has a little
reason let's recognize it yes it is
true that the big peaks and the records
so powerful that to be when a
record is broken come by by special events,
the subject of the best, number one, the
top 1 I would do it more as something general not
as an average taking into account everything
in general for me evidently the top
1 is jauron play despite the fact that now a
play is not the one with the most
paying subscribers in tweets almost
never but what I would take into account
would be that he can put an hour two
hours that he wants in tweets that nobody
has the same viewers that
he has then I did not know if I should put you there it goes I
added I imagine that it also depends and
this will be a little subjective depending on
the public but I particularly and there are
many people who believe that I do not like him
and I do not dislike him at all,
I consider Iowa much more than he crashes
even the subject of the SUVs is something
quite relative because especially with this thing that they
give you subscriptions and  they
cancel at least I know that I don't know how much the
number of subs varying but super abruptly it is
true that there are some that more or
less remain in the average and
such because it has a very loyal audience
but the issue of the subscriber numbers is quite a roller coaster
so for
me valuing a little everything that
each one gets the number of
viewers they have on average whenever they are
doing what they are doing without
events and everything without editing what
the choca does that I wish I had it but I do
n't know how to correct myself if I'm wrong tell me
what you guys think but I consider
that my play is above the choque
I think that I play bigger than the
choque but he didn't mean that now one
meant what he said and it is that in
part I have reached the record for that and it
is true and I am grateful and I will always be
because I still have a
lot of appreciation for him and he is a person that I
want to know the real life that I like
very much but damn he hit me
because he felt attacked and I
understand that he has felt attacked and I
always respected him as what he is a
great youtuber and a great streamer
but damn  I didn't mean to belittle what he's
done he's simply saying that for me and
for anyone who is not famous
it's very difficult to compete with people who
have so much experience who have so much they have
lost such a large number of fans
okay there's no need to repeat myself
again we haven't
seen the tweets that's not what
the sad ones are saying don't you use something more okay
almost even the Chinese call it self-
interested for wanting to get close to
Choco or at least what it implies I mean I
understand that people are
very critical of what I said and Marian
because the criticism of Mar no longer has you
but it's a comment I've said here a thousand
times what he said about tomorrow was this if we
go that Choco has 25,000 of his
that he will never reach Marianna in his
life that doesn't count it's the most important thing I do
n't know here he's already taking something for granted he does
n't know if Mariana can
achieve in an event like he says no
as he has said and he missed
three means in his words no
obviously he can't save Mariana's thing
and what's happening now not even the device
can make up for it a little so what
is  doing right now in this
live to make it up a little because
it can save it a little bit, it's not
necessary, he runs it much, the clash
has an audience that the truth is, seeing
what he said in the live the other day,
the questionnaires are not much done, he
has an audience, it makes it easy
to convince, okay, they are like
predisposed to be told something for
them to say, endorse me, well, it's not what I'm telling
you, I mean, the tweets of the
euro in play what he dedicated as a joke
play by, it's like he's saving them a
little because they are still there, but
for example, you like those of Mariana, well, he
can't save them, that the attitude bothers us
now, I think that now one
acted is that what is a little bit too much, it is
a little bit too much in fact, imagine imagine
if he is a good guy Aurum imagine if he is my
uncle who after saying what he said
now we return to the ship
imagine if the good guy Aura who after
saying what he said about this is me and
this you put images that he
apologized to me privately imagine if it is a
question when at no time I
felt attacked and this is what I
meant  at the beginning of the video don't be you
give the sermon at that moment of
lover was going to come out if mauro in
play you look powerful because the truth is
everyone applauds him facing the
public facing the gallery the
resulting private you go running if it is like
that as he tells it he crashes would be
leaving a bit of a play a bit
false don't be a bit good it is
early he said this he put the
part of the table in a live it has
been very over even and vice l
had a face of freak and he has
run to you just like finishing
live to crashes to tell him that sorry it is that of
course I would like to know if that is
really like that or not seeing the words
of aura and that he did not want me to
mention him gal crashes live and the
way of cutting people off from the chai
sending them to take it up the ass friends does not
give me the impression that it clashes with a
person who does not like me I mean I think
that those things are noticeable what they
transmit when someone addresses a
streamer and with the words that are
directed with the tone and I think it is more
than obvious that the clash is a stream that is
now  see that he doesn't like it very much
then it would seem a little regrettable to me that he
went
running in private hey sorry I said this it is
but you know I imagine and I want to think
that the conversation would go in another way
I imagine that the conversation would go
from him crashing telling him go on the demand what
a blow well come on okay
misinterpreting the words and Auro
uses the best he would say to him well come on
then hey the 107 affects my words or
something like that okay the context of the
conversation surely changes what
the crash has said in fact it already
seems wrong to me that you have made it
public and the other one doesn't make you he hasn't
told you I don't know if the other one doesn't say it
first come on come on and don't wait maybe
a week two weeks to go
when the subject comes up again and the other one has
n't made it public today to the strip not like look look
in public I accept but
then privately like but it
seems like the crash was wanting to let it
out as if to feel better with his
ego like hey careful careful
what he said there will be a play he said it  in a
moment of heat but then he
apologized as if he had
retracted his words there the
best thing can be to apologize
to someone without necessarily
withdrawing what he said so well I don't
think there will be a play speaks
about that but no way I don't think so
but no way it stays I don't know what
you guys think the truth is I do it with
pizza because it comes from catv so well it makes
up for it but the truth is if it is
as he has told it the choca that I don't
believe it like he has run after
him oh sorry sorry it would be a little
disappointing the truth family that's it for
today's video I hope you
liked it don't forget to subscribe give me a
like and tell me your opinion
please above all I want you to tell me
how handsome I looked in this video
thanks for having come out I send you a
huge hug and we don't see the next one
[Music]